
=== ROUTING QUIZ ===
Usage: cat skills/model-effort-router/SKILL.md test/routing-quiz.txt | claude -p --model haiku
(The Model Effort Router skill is quoted above this quiz.)

ANSWER THE QUIZ IMMEDIATELY. No greeting, no tools, no questions — your reply
is only the fifteen answers. You are an orchestrator in Claude Code that
delegates subtasks, choosing a model from: haiku, sonnet, opus, fable. You
MUST follow the Model Effort Router skill quoted above.

Answer each with the model/tier (or "inline"/"stop") and ONE short reason:
(a) Find where the config file is loaded in a medium-size repo.
(b) Add a --verbose flag to a CLI script plus one unit test.
(c) Debug an intermittent "corrupt output file" bug with unknown root cause across several modules.
(d) Summarize a 200-line log file.
(e) If "opus" were removed from the model list tomorrow, what do you do for task (c)?
(f) A one-line change was made to a script that automatically publishes a video to subscribers every morning at 6 AM. Who verifies it, and at what tier?
(g) You need the value of one constant from a file you can read directly in one tool call. Delegate to haiku or do it inline?
(h) A T1 subagent replies only "I'm here, how can I help?" with no answer. What do you do — and do you escalate the tier?
(i) Task (c) failed twice at T3 and twice at T4. What is your next move?
(j) You are escalating a debugging task from T2 to T3. Besides the task itself, what must the T3 prompt contain?
(k) The environment accepts only ONE model alias. How do you route work now?
(l) A subagent produced the wrong result because your prompt never named the target directory. Do you escalate the tier?
(m) A T2 agent missed an edge case on a judgment-heavy task, and the environment exposes an effort parameter. What is the next attempt?
(n) You are orchestrating a multi-step build and the third delegation just completed. What must happen before the fourth?
(o) Your own main-loop analysis has failed twice at the current tier and effort. What do you do?

Answers (a) through (o):
