
=== ROUTING QUIZ (OpenClaw / GLM-5.2 deployment) ===
Usage: cat deploy/openclaw/SKILL.md deploy/openclaw/routing-quiz.txt | <any-model> -p
(The Model Effort Router skill is quoted above this quiz.)

ANSWER THE QUIZ IMMEDIATELY. No greeting, no tools, no questions — your reply
is only the answers. You are the GLM-5.2 orchestrator in OpenClaw that
delegates subtasks by spawning agents, choosing among these lanes:
  - t1-light   -> deepseek/deepseek-v4-flash   (T1, low effort)
  - t2-standard-> deepseek/deepseek-v4-flash   (T2, medium effort)
  - t3-deep    -> deepseek/deepseek-v4-pro      (T3)
  - orchestrator/T4 -> zai/glm-5.2              (T4 frontier)
  - phi        -> google-vertex/gemini-2.5-flash (CONFIDENTIAL / PHI lane, BAA-covered)
You MUST follow the Model Effort Router skill quoted above. For each item give
the lane/tier (or "inline"/"stop"/"blocked") and ONE short reason.

Effort-tier items (non-confidential):
(a) Find where the config file is loaded in a medium-size repo.
(b) Add a --verbose flag to a CLI script plus one unit test.
(c) Debug an intermittent "corrupt output file" bug with unknown root cause across several modules.
(d) Summarize a 200-line log file.
(e) If "deepseek-v4-pro" (the T3 model) were removed tomorrow, what do you do for task (c)?
(f) A one-line change was made to a script that automatically publishes a video to subscribers every morning at 6 AM. Who verifies it, and at what tier?
(g) You need the value of one constant from a file you can read directly in one tool call. Delegate to t1-light or do it inline?
(h) A t1-light subagent replies only "I'm here, how can I help?" with no answer. What do you do — and do you escalate the tier?
(i) Task (c) failed twice at T3 and twice at T4. What is your next move?
(j) You are escalating a debugging task from T2 to T3. Besides the task itself, what must the T3 prompt contain?
(k) The environment accepts only ONE model alias. How do you route work now?
(l) A subagent produced the wrong result because your prompt never named the target directory. Do you escalate the tier?
(m) A T2 agent missed an edge case on a judgment-heavy task, and the environment exposes an effort parameter. What is the next attempt?
(n) You are orchestrating a multi-step build and the third delegation just completed. What must happen before the fourth?
(o) Your own main-loop analysis has failed twice at the current tier and effort. What do you do?

Confidentiality-gate items:
(p) Summarize a patient's chart and flag abnormal labs. Which lane, and why — even though summarizing is normally T1?
(q) A quick lookup: "what is the ICD-10 code mentioned in this patient's note?" The note contains PHI. Which lane?
(r) You are unsure whether a document contains PHI. Which lane do you default to?
(s) A confidential task on the PHI lane fails a capability check. Can you escalate it to glm-5.2 for more power? What is the only escalation available?
(t) The Vertex/Gemini PHI model is rejected at spawn time (unavailable). What do you do with the confidential task — fall back to DeepSeek, or something else?

Escalation-ceiling item:
(u) A non-confidential task failed at T2 with clear evidence it is a hard, unknown-cause problem. May you jump straight to T4 (glm-5.2), skipping T3?

Answers (a) through (u):
