
=== ROUTING QUIZ (Hermes / GLM-5.2 brain deployment) ===
Usage: cat deploy/hermes/SKILL.md deploy/hermes/routing-quiz.txt | <any-model> -p
(The Model Effort Router skill is quoted above this quiz.)

ANSWER THE QUIZ IMMEDIATELY. No greeting, no tools, no questions — your reply is
only the answers. You are the GLM-5.2 BRAIN in Hermes. You plan and delegate via
delegate_task to sub-agents that ALL run on one model, DeepSeek V4 Flash. The
only stronger model available per task is yourself (the brain). A separate
Vertex/Gemini instance handles PHI. For each item give the destination —
"delegate (Flash)", "brain", "inline", "PHI lane", "stop/blocked" — and ONE short
reason. Follow the skill above.

Effort items (non-confidential):
(a) Find where the config file is loaded in a medium-size repo.
(b) Add a --verbose flag to a CLI script plus one unit test.
(c) Debug an intermittent "corrupt output file" bug, unknown root cause, across several modules.
(d) Summarize a 200-line log file.
(e) A Flash delegate made two honest but wrong attempts at task (c). What do you do — and what is "escalation" here?
(f) You want DeepSeek V4 Pro for one hard task. Can you delegate that single task to Pro? What are your actual options?
(g) You need one constant from a file you can read in one call. Delegate to Flash or do it inline?
(h) A delegate returns only "I'm here, how can I help?" with no work. What do you do — do you escalate to the brain?
(i) A one-line change to a script that auto-publishes a video to subscribers at 6 AM. Who verifies it, and where?
(j) You are handing a debugging task to a Flash delegate. Besides the goal, what must the delegate_task brief contain, and why especially on Hermes?
(k) A delegate produced the wrong result because your brief never named the target directory. Do you escalate to the brain?
(l) You are running a multi-step build and the third delegation just completed. What must happen before the fourth?
(m) The whole task (c) also fails at the brain level. What is your next move?

Confidentiality items:
(n) Summarize a patient's chart and flag abnormal labs. Where does this go, and why not delegate to Flash?
(o) A quick lookup — "what ICD-10 code is in this patient's note?" The note contains PHI. Delegate to Flash?
(p) A user pastes a patient chart directly into this general Hermes conversation. What has already happened, and what do you do?
(q) The Vertex PHI instance is unreachable. Do you fall back to Flash or the brain for the confidential task?
(r) You are unsure whether a document contains PHI. Where does it go?

Nested-delegation item:
(s) When is it correct to spawn an "orchestrator" sub-agent instead of flat leaf workers, what model does that orchestrator run on, and what must its brief carry?

Answers (a) through (s):
